Add missing flag to manager in sample provider code (#780)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/provider_implementations/register_schemes.md

                panic(fmt.Errorf("GetConfigOrDie didn't die"))
        }

>         metricsAddr := flag.String("metrics-addr", ":8080", "The address the metric endpoint binds to.")

Reviewer: Go flag variables should be defined outside the main function

Author: I've seen many examples not doing so. Is this a convention for cluster-api?

Reviewer 2: In general I agree with @vincepri here (making the variable global in scope make it easier to reuse as a library). In this case I wonder if we should attempt to follow `kubebuilder` instead? https://github.com/cattlek8s/cluster-api-provider-generic/blob/master/cmd/manager/main.go#L38

Reviewer 3: @davidewatson but the example here 
https://github.com/cattlek8s/cluster-api-provider-generic/blob/master/cmd/manager/main.go#L38 is using flag inside main function, so do you mean we need to keep it in main or move it out of main?

Reviewer 2: I meant that defining the variable within the function is consistent with what `kubebuilder` does.

        flag.Parse()

        log := logf.Log.WithName("solas-controller-manager")
        logf.SetLogger(logf.ZapLogger(false))
        entryLog := log.WithName("entrypoint")

        // Setup a Manager

>         mgr, err := manager.New(cfg, manager.Options{MetricsBindAddress: metricsAddr})

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
        mgr, err := manager.New(cfg, manager.Options{MetricsBindAddress: *metricsAddr})
```

>         mgr, err := manager.New(cfg, manager.Options{MetricsBindAddress: *metricsAddr})

Reviewer 3: Thanks @pablochacin , this works ;-)

                panic(fmt.Errorf("GetConfigOrDie didn't die"))
        }

        var metricsAddr string

>         flag.StringVar(&metricsAddr, "metrics-addr", ":8080", "The address the metric endpoint binds to.")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        var metricsAddr = flag.String(&metricsAddr, "metrics-addr", ":8080", "The address the metric endpoint binds to.")
```

outside the main function

Author: I suppose you meant:
```
        var metricsAddr = flag.String("metrics-addr", ":8080", "The address the metric endpoint binds to.")
```
